## Redrawing districts without 
redrawing maps
According to Roberts, redrawing one 
district "does not necessarily 
require restructuring all of the 
State’s legislative districts." This 
idea is slightly counterintuitive. 
After all, fair district maps are 
typically drawn holistically—that 
is, they are drawn in explicit 
relation to each other with the 
intent of fairly representing a 
diverse array of voters and 
interests, so modifying a map 
without completely redrawing it 
seems less than ideal. Nonetheless, 
it is completely possible to do so. 
We can leverage the fact that, due 
to very strict equal population 
constraints under the "one person, 
one vote" doctrine, any two 
districts can be isolated and 
modified such that the populations 
of both districts before and after 
modification are consistent.

<figure>
<img src="/assets/three_maps.png" 
alt="Three district maps with 
progressive modifications that 
preserve the number of precincts in 
each district." 
style="max-height:185px;max-width:629px">
</figure>

The figure above shows three square 
grids with uniform population 
density representing three possible 
maps for a hypothetical state; the 
areas and populations of all 
districts are the same. The map in 
the middle deviates from the map on 
the left by a simple swap: the green 
district is indented downward, and 
the pink district is indented 
downward. Only two out of four 
districts are affected by this 
transformation. The rightmost map 
represents a more complicated 
transformation, but the grey 
district is still left untouched.

So far, so good. The most important 
criteria in redistricting, 
geographical continuity and equal 
population, can still be satisfied 
even with the partial modification 
of a map. 

[finish this later]

